This is Ardunio program to make LED Chaser

Aim- To design LED Chaser

Material Required- Ardunio Uno board,Bread Board,4 LED,,Connecting Wires,etc.

Procedure:-
1.  Take an Ardunio Uno board ,a Bread board, 4 LED,and some connecting wires.
2.  Connect  LED in breadboard accroding to the positive and negative terminla of LED and breadboard.
3.  Make sure that positive terminal of the LED(the longer leg) must be connected to the positive terminal and negative terminal(shorter leg)
    must be connected to the negative terminal of the breadboard.
4.  Take a connecting wire and connect the positive terminal of the LED to the positive pin in the Ardinuo board and negative terminal to the
    ground of the the Ardunio board.
5.  Make sure that you must connect the wire in the digital pins as LED is a digital device and also ensure you are connecting the wire to the 
    same pins as you have delcared in your code otherwise the LED will not work.
6.  Now open your software and write a program for LED chaser by using fors loop in such a way that LED fallow patern of chaser (one on,one off,second on
   ,second off..... upto the fourth LED) As the code is written in C language and it is case sensitive so be careful while writing code.
7.  After completing the code compile it.
8.  Now connect your board to your computer with the help of USB cable. 
9.  Now in tools section go into board and select board ie. Ardunio Uno and port which you are using.
10. If you choose different board or different port the program will not work.
11. After choosing Appropriate board and port uplode your program in board and your LED will start blinking.


POINTS TO NOTE

1. You must connect your LED to the digital pins of the board as LED is a digital device.
2. Digital pins in the board is numbered from 0-13 ie.(0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13) and a groung pin you must connect your wire to the
   pin which you have mentioned in your code because the board will send the signal only to that particular pin so only that pin will work
   if you connects yor wire to the different pin as mentioned in the program then your LED will not glow.
3. Before uploding your program to the board you must select the Ardiuno board and appropriate port from the tool section in the softwore
   otherwise your program will not be uploded to the board and a message of uploding error will appear.
4. Make sure you make a common ground of all four LED as their only one pin of ground in digital section.
5. The top and the bottom rows in the breadboard are connected horizantally and they are connected upto five secions and the middel rows are
   connected vertically so make your connections accordingly. 
6. The program must be witten in case sensitive way as C language is used and it is case sensitive.